===================================================
OhHaiMessages
A text messages interface for Android, from your pc
===================================================

Do you have an Android device? Do you feel yourself uncomfortable to write text
messages on your tiny touch screen keyboard? Are you a command line geek and you
always wished to send texts through your Android device with the same easiness
of typing 'echo "text" | sms dest_number'? Then OhHaiMessages is just made for
you.

OhHaiMessages consists in two applications:

- A Java-developed server, that runs as application on your Android device and
accepts requests for sending text messages;

- A Python-developed client, that runs on your pc and allows you to send text
messages from the command line through a simple command.

First of all, you need to copy and install the OhHaiMessagesServer.apk file onto
your Android device. It will be installed as a new application. You just start
it and choose between the two available wireless interfaces that can be used for
letting your device and your pc communicate:

- WiFi: fast and reliable, but it requires your pc and your device to be in the
same network. On the server running on your device you should provide the port
to listen onto (default: 4444), and on the pc you provide the IP address of your
device and the port;

- Bluetooth: slower and less reliable, but it does not require your devices to
be in the same network, or accessible via public IP address. Note that before
starting a communication between the devices based on bluetooth you should
ensure that your Android device IS IN DISCOVERABLE MODE (otherwise the client
will not be able to discover the service) and they are not too far away.

After choosing one of the two modes on the server, your Android is ready to
accept incoming connections and send text messages.

Now it's time for the client. Just use the file ohhaiclient.py, preferably
copying it somewhere in your PATH and renaming it so something like 'sms'. The
usage is quite simple:

echo "text message" | ohhaiclient.py
        <-n|--number destination_number>
        [-h|--host wifi_host_address]
	   [-S|--set-password <new_password>] [-P|--password <password>] 
        [-p|--port wifi_host_port (default:4444)]
        [-s|--service bluetooth_service_name (default:OhHaiMessages)]
        [-u|--uuid bluetooth_uuid (default:828b721e-8e88-276b-6c29-0987f79bdc21)]
        [-l|--logfile logfile_path (default: $HOME/.ohhaimessages)]
        [-w|--wifi]
        [-b|--bluetooth]

Mandatory fields:

	* -n|--number : Phone number that will receive your text message;
	* -w|--wifi, -b|--bluetooth : One of the two modes should be specified, in
	order to let the client know whether to communicate over a WiFi or a
	Bluetooth interface to the server;
	* -h|--host : This field is mandatory if you specified a WiFi connection,
	and it specifies the IP address or hostname of your Android device running
	the server.

Strongly suggested field:
	* -P|--password : It's better when you set a password for your OhHai server
	installation, otherwise anyone connected to your mobile's same WiFi network
	or in bluetooth visibility could send text messages through your mobile.
	You can set the password on the first time by running the command:

	ohhaiclient.py [bluetooth or wifi settings] -S yourpassword

	Then on the following times you're going to send your texts by specifying
	something like:

	ohhaiclient.py [bluetooth or wifi settings] -P yourpassword

	If you want to change your password, just use something like:

	ohhaiclient.py [bluetooth or wifi settings] -P oldpassword -S newpassword

Have fun.
by Fabio "BlackLight" Manganiello <blacklight@autistici.org>, http://0x00.ath.cx
2011

